Map:  Ghost Planet

Description: You crashland on a world where the balance between life and death has somehow been upset. What some would call "undead" rule over a meager populace of "ante mortems." Attempts at communication with the few living beings you encounter are frustrated by their listless acceptance of their fate as zombies to be. Human affairs seem to be largely under the benign supervision of the Yellow Knights, who prove to be more of an order of undertakers than champions of freedom. 

Most of the local inhabitants pose no near-term threat to your advanced armies, unless they are able to overwhelm you by sheer numbers. The "living" consist mainly of peasants, some scattered rogues, and a sinister looking group of brown-robed druids. The "undead" seem to be mainly hoards of zombies and skeletons under the control of the more powerful groups--the liches, vampires, and necromancers. Packs of ghosts are seen everywhere, and so far they have chosen to flee before your might, but you wonder if that will continue as their forces gather. 

Getting Started: Each of the starting players (Wizard, Warlock, and Sorceress) has a separate beginning. At first, you should make careful note of your surroundings and then take steps to consolidate your forces. Your first fights will be easy, but try to keep losses to a minimum. You begin with a few excellent troops and may not see their kind again for several weeks.

Near your starting position you will find several areas to explore. You are not expected to win every fight in the beginning, so choose your battles wisely and, again, minimize casualties. You immediate objectives should probably include securing your natural perimeters, capturing additional villages, and keeping the undead population under control.   

When you encounter a necromancer village, you are at the end of the beginning and ready to join up with your allies. If you are not playing partners, you might want to fight your way into the other "human" territories and add their resources to your own. If you have managed to visit a blue, green, or red tent, you may find other areas open to you at this point. (At some point, you will want to go to sea. The oceans are vast but they hold many opportunities for the adventurous.) 

When you are ready to move against the local powers (Necromancers, Liches, or Vampires) you will have to go East and then North between the twin purple castles, Boardwalk and Park Place. This could be a pretty big fight--make sure you are ready--but on the other side there are rewards for the victors.

At some point you may make the acquaintance of the mysterious Shadowcaster. If his accusations weren't so sinister, you might be honored by his attention. As it is, all you can extract from your web of sources is that he poses as some sort of "neutral" Necromancer with an advanced interest in Cartesian dualism and celestial optics. 

Special Victory Condition: Victory requires the defeat of both the Orange and Indigo allies. One may prove more difficult than you expect. On the other hand, you begin with three allies of your own. The 'human/computer' players are not likely to move much beyond their starting territories, so if you play solo you have a choice of ignoring the other 'human/computer' players or making side trips to annex their territories. Either way, you always have to deal with your Yellow 'computer' ally, which in the end may prove to be the game's greatest test of character.

