Map:  Roc 'Round the Clock

For untold centuries, the Rocs of Roc Islands lived in peace and prosperity, under the benevolent rule of the Roc King.  Then, a band of defeated adventurers landed on the shore.  With the Roc King's permission, they settled and built human style improvements: fortified towns, Towers to warn of invasion by sea, and magic gates to keep the wolves from the door.  The gates were no barrier to the rocs, or the other flying creatures that inhabited the land. The human magicians who lived there, however, retreated into their own territory. With the breakdown in communication, the will to co-operate with each other also dissolved.
     Then an ancient evil arose in the land (It always does).  It caused the protective power of the Roc King to wane. His only defense was to send out rocs to guard the wise ones who knew the secret of the magic gates, and barricade himself in his castle.  An evil necromancer, The Pasha Tisroc, discovered this weakness, using his divining magic.  He is gathering a vast army of undead to invade and subdue the island. He will surely be invincible in a year. That is, unless someone can find the source of the roc's curse, and capture the Roc King's Palace to employ the mighty magics sealed there. This, of course, is where you come in.

Dramatis Personae:

Pierre: (That would be you.) A young wizard, son of the warlock and sorceress who were instrumental in developing the defenses of Roc Island. Unfortunately, your parents disappeared while adventuring over ten years ago. You were raised by the family's trusty retainers, including:

Nanny: The capable old roc-hen in charge of the roc nursery.  She's a real dear, but tends to treat you like a child.

Sir Roc-Chester: The garrison commander and your armsmaster.  He's been waiting for a nice war for a spot of excitement.

Cedroc: The castle wizard and your instructor in magic. He loves making doom laden pronouncements, and performing dramatic entrances and exits.

Elt-roc: The town bard, and your music and history instructor.  He has recently gone off seeking fame and fortune, hoping to become a roc-star.

Roc O'Rolly: The Leprechaun, your childhood buddy. His love of practical jokes may get him into trouble.

Then there are the leaders of the other factions-

Lord Draco: A warlock with the power of polymorph, and a pet peeve against people who pester his dragon.

FireOak: A sorceress who has named herself after a dryad, to show her kinship with the trees. She and her phoenixes have isolated themselves in their territory, and are especially at odds with the other Sorceresses, who are led by -

Quicksilver: The Queen of the Sprites. She is the only other Hero who is up on current events.

Cephas: A former warlock, this wizard is happy to contemplate the perfection of his own lands.

Jewel: This Sorceress turned Necromancer has an axe to grind.

