Journal 4 - A thunk on the head of a THUNK

 Through tactical brilliance, you emerge from the battle with the enormous automaton victorious.  You must admit one thing, however: the THUNK was a magnificent sight.  He must have killed sixty of your men by himself - with his bare hands alone!
 After seeing to the distribution of prisoners, you make your way down to where the THUNK is being held by a group of your strongest mages (you were able to pry the crystal ball from his forehead, thus dissipating his immunity to magic).  In the middle of a large circle of robed men stands what must be a ten-foot tall man.  A giant two-handed sword, definitely as long as you are tall, rests beside him on the ground.  It glows a dull orange, matching the aura that shimmers around his forest-green cloak.
  One of the mages looks up as you approach the circle.
"Sire, I think we have him... pacified."
  You nod grimly at the mage and begin to turn away. 
"Kill it."
  The mage grips your arm, jerking you to a halt.  "We've tried, sire.  Nothing seems to have any effect on him.  Our spells still will not destroy him, and our swords might as well be cutting iron instead of flesh.  I'm afraid that all we can do is hold him still."
  Hold him still?  A ten-foot tall killing machine is just captured and these foolish mages are content to hold him still?  "There must be a way to kill him," you announce.  "We will search for it.  In the meantime, make sure he doesn't so much as cough or sneeze.  This continent still poses a threat to us, even without this... creature... and I must meet the threat head on. 
  "What is your name, mage?" you ask, suddenly.
  "My name is Tyler, sire.  Tyler Borlin."
  "Well, Tyler.  This hunk of junk is now your charge.  If he escapes, you might as well run away, too.  The lives of thousands depend on your diligence, and I'll not tolerate failure in it.
  The mage bows his head. "Of course, my liege."
  With a last look at the towering creature, you begin walking back up the grassy hill, wondering what you will do next.  The biggest threat has been eliminated, but there are still others.  This continent is huge, and the loss of one army is not the loss of a war.

PLAYER NOTE: because I could not remove heroes from being recirculated, the two heroes who are 'incapacitated' in the story may reappear (and probably will).  I cannot help this, but they should be much less powerful the second time around, so just pretend that the original heroes are dead and that you fight new ones. :)

