Journal Entry 2 - Rescuing a Friend

  A punch in the face sends the prison guard flailing to the ground.  These primitives must be really overconfident, you decide, if they allow a whelp like that to guard a prison, a prison, which looks more like a barracks.
  You have your men force the door and are pleased to see that it indeed holds Bred and your small but elite contingent of troops.  You embrace briefly and fill Bred in on events.  He nods somberly after your story is concluded.  You ask for his version of events.
  "It was incredible," he begins.  "We emerged from the portal and were surprised by the signs of civilization that we saw.  I must say one thing.  These Wilders have hid their technologies from us for a long time, and well. I never suspected that a nation existed here.
  "Anyway," he continues, biting a nail.  "We explored a little, but were soon after ambushed.  I was surprised, but we recovered quickly.  These are well-trained lads, you see.  I was sure we could fight them off, because they wielded nothing but spears and leather armor.  Well, that was until I saw IT."
  "You mean the THUNK?" you interrupt.
  "I suppose," he replies.  "Whatever it was, it was big.  And walked like a golem.  It was incredible, and what's more he absorbed every spell I threw at him, though you know I don't know many.  His troops, though overmatched and outnumbered, were impossible to kill.  It was as if we fought stone statues for all the damage we did.  Let me tell you, this guy was tough."
  You listen to his story with a lurking sense of powerlessness.  What are you going to do, if this guy is THAT strong??  With Bred's troops, you might stand a chance, but it is going to take a hell of a plan...
  "Any idea why she did this?" Bred's voice brings you from your reverie.  
  "What?"
  "Mok Choi... why she attacked us."
  "No idea," you reply.  "Catarina said something about 'addressing past grievances' but I don't know what that means.  It doesn't really matter though.  The threat must be neutralized.  My father always said that War comes first and questions second.  I never understood why he said that, but it makes sense now."
  "It's good to see you, friend.  Now, lets go show these automatons who rules this world, yes?"

