Journal Three - Killing a Wizardress

  The castle fell to your troops in a mad last assault at its massive crenellated walls.  With its outer perimeter breached, you made quick meat of the remaining garrison.  Some of them surrendered and others fought but were cut down quickly, leaving a stunned yet proud Mok Choi standing forlornly in the middle of the courtyard, her dead soldiers littering the ashen land about her. 
  Lightning crackles from her fingers, but your mages tie the magic flows surrounding her body before her power can strike you down.  You saunter casually and, dare I say, a bit arrogantly up to her quivering paralyzed body.  Though she can't move, her eyes seem to lift her chin and nose at you anyway.  You can't help but smile at the powerless creature that lies at your mercy.
  "Well well.  Look what we have here," you chide.  "A wizardress without her wizardry."  
   You gaze at her evil eyes and shudder to think that this is the woman who would have killed every citizen of your country for her own gain.  It takes all of your restraint not to strangle her on the spot.  But you can't.  You need answers.  You turn around to consider what questions to ask.
  A hissing voice speaks up, "Fool, what do you..."
  You spin around to the woman and slam the back of your gauntleted fist into the side of her head, knocking her off her feet.  "I ask the questions," you scream at her.
Her moans bring a tinge of satisfaction to your ears.  Your troops, standing in a circle around you and Mok Choi, don't make a move to interfere.
  Bending down, you grab her by the arm and yank her to her feet.  "Stand, you beast." you command.  She struggles to her feet as you eye your handy work.  She definitely has a broken jaw, you decide.  "Now," you begin, circling her, trying to decide what to ask.  "I want to know how one goes about killing one of those Monsters of yours, those THUNKS.  Which are outlawed, mind you."
  "You'll never kill it," she sneers, but it comes out as a distorted gargle, because of her broken jaw."
  You laugh, forcing her to scowl.  "And how do you know I haven't captured it already and am just curious how to kill it?"
  She forces a smile.  "You cannot kill it, not without special means.  You can only capture it..."
  "Enough," you interrupt.  "What I really want to know is why you attacked us.  WHY?"
  She stands proud.  "To address grievances for acts done against us many years ago."
  "And what grievances would those be?"
  She begins to shrug, but her features contort into a horrible mask of pain.  With a scream, she collapses to the ground in a heap.  You bend down and find an arrow protruding from her lower back.  
  You shout orders to your men to find whoever was responsible.  The clap of feet echoes as soldier scurry to begin a search, but after several hours nothing turns up.  Maybe you will never know why you were attacked.  But you have a bigger problem on your hands.  What to do with a THUNK that cannot die.  If he is captured, big deal, he may just break free again...

