Journal Entry One - Rescuing Corribus.

(The following assumes that you have brought Catarina to rescue him, which you probably didn't, but it was easier to write the story that way, so bear with me!)

  As you draw near the island, a figure waves from the sandy shore.  Yes, you can just see him.  It is Corribus, by his height and build, and the shiny red cape that flaps lazily in the salty breeze.  He seems elated to see you, and rightly so!  You dock your ship and board smaller boats to row yourselves ashore, not wanting to risk marooning the rescue ship as well.  Though you just emerged from swamplands, the air is very cool, probably because the waters are still cold from their winterland origins.  Even though it was for dire circumstances, you were glad to volunteer for this excursion.
  Your boat finally glides to a stop a few feet from the shore and Corribus is there to greet you.  With almost a leap, he throws himself into your arms.  "Oh Catarina, I so missed you.  I thought I might never see you again." He pulls back and smiles.
  "The same for me," you reply, obviously not with the enthusiasm he expected.  
  "Sister, something irks thee?" he asks.
  Taking a deep breath, you relate the story of the messengers, which you sent to the Wildes. [If you haven't gotten that far, you are quicker than I anticipated, so continue reading after day 35 or so.] "It seems these are not the 'Wildes' we took them for," you conclude.
"The people of this land are not as primitive as I thought.  As we were sailing to rescue you, I saw castles and towns and armies encamped along the coast.  Corribus, I fear they plan to invade our lands."
  "I know," is all he replies.
  "You know?  How?  And if you know, why so cheerful?"
  "Bred is missing," he says, and continues to describe his story to you.
  In stunned silence, you bite your lip.  So that's how Mok Choi plans her attack.  She's going to build hundreds of those THUNKS and then send them in!  In a panic, you grab his arm and dig your nails into his flesh. "Brother, what are we going to do??"  
  He turns his eyes to you, seemingly oblivious to your stone grip.  "We shall attack."
  "Attack?  Corribus, might I remind you that we just finished a war.  We aren't prepared to fight a battle, let alone another war, especially against a foe as powerful as this!"
  Corribus seems to wilt.  "I know, sister, but what choice do we have?  They only have one THUNK now, and they still outmatch us.  But we have a chance.  These people are still primitive and we are experience in the ways of warfare.  Perhaps he can do something... perhaps..  In any case, we must return and organize a force and quick.  Time brings death."
  It wasn't a pleasant reunion, and almost immediately you are back aboard the ship and on your way.

