Journal Five - A foggy and uncertain ending.

 It was a long, difficult struggle, but it seems that you've emerged victorious.  But your victory has brought with it many troubling questions.  Why were you attacked?  What are you going to do with the THUNK?  How did the wizards of old destroy them?  Until you can answer these questions, the THUNK has been imprisoned and is being guarded by a hoard of your best court mages.
 As for you and Catarina, well, you finished your river vacation and then began heading home to Holbark.  You must admit that seeing the stately spires and dull gray massive walls of your home will be a relief after all these months of combat.  The cruise was nice, however, especially this time of year, especially with Bred there to entertain everyone with his newly invented THUNK impressions (he does a great robot).
 Finally, you arrive at your native shores and almost cry with happiness.  Has it been so long?  The captain of the guards is standing at attention on the long, wooden pier as you disembark from the ship.  He has a downcast expression on his face, and he is sweating profusely.  "Tom!" you yell to him.  He looks up nervously.  As you close, you give him a big bear hug.
He frowns and bites his lip.  Something is wrong.  "Tom, what's the matter?  Aren't you glad to see us?"
 "Very glad, m'Lord. But there's a problem," he whispers. 
 You laugh, trying to cheer him up. "What could possibly be a problem?"
 Tom doesn't warm to your cheerfulness.  "I'm not to speak of it sire.  Someone is... waiting... for you in your administration chambers."
 You are caught off guard, but quickly regain control.
Who could it be?  You and Catarina make your way up to Castle Hobark, not amidst the celebration you expected, but amidst a large city of shut doors and hushed voices.  As you walk under the massive portcullis of the keep major, you can't help but notice that you recognize none of the faces of the guards.  And they are wearing royal green uniforms, the color of the Grand Council.
 In your administrative chambers, you are surprised to see a man lounging in your chair, a foot propped up on your gilded desk.  
   "Grand Councilor Darrence?  What are you doing here?  Get out of my chair."  Your storm up to the desk prepared to throw the man out of the colorful window in the back of the room if you must.
 The man dressed in a very fine green coat, slowly stands and circles around to you.  "Its about high time you returned, Corribus.  I-"
 "Lord Corribus," you interrupt.
 "Yes... well... no longer."
 "What?!" In a fit of anger, you draw your sword.  "By what right -"
 Darrence holds up a finger.  "Lower your weapon.  You are under arrest by order of the Grand Council under article 87, amendment 2."
 The energy drains from you.  "What is that?" you ask, lowering your sword, but not sheathing it.
 "Conspiracy to create a THUNK."  You gasp.  
Darrence smiles sinisterly.  Bred draws his sword.  Catarina faints.  And all eyes turn as Mok Choi emerges from a shadow in the corner of the room...

