   Victorious, Solmyr entered Zaggathrym, the fortress laying before him in shattered ruins. All around, the corpses of mighty titans and savage dragons were scattered. The keep's front wall was collapsed, and from the rubble, a sound of mad, familiar giggling could be heard faintly.
   Approaching, Solmyr saw the broken body of Zaggath, amazingly still alive even though a wall must have fallen on him. The warlock's face was covered with blood, but he must have seen Solmyr, for he started laughing harder.
   "Oooh, mageling, by all appearances you've won today. You must be soooo happy!  But don't deny, you did it only so that you can lock yourself away among moldy books and have a nice time! By the way, I cannot be killed, if by any chance you were not aware of the fact!!!"
   "I am sorry for you, Zaggath," Solmyr said. "I did not have anything against you, and I could have lived in peace if you so desired. But your madness got the better of you. Perhaps in death you shall find peace..."
   The sounds of Zaggath's mad laughter echoed throughout the castle, bringing a shiver to everyone who could hear them.  As Solmyr looked at the skies over his lands, he saw the dragons retreating and flying away beyond the horizon. All, except one very old black dragon, that flew towards Zaggathrym and landed in the courtyard. 
   It bellowed, "I am the speaker for the Dragon Legion! I declare this day that Zaggath the Mad is dead, and no more are we bound to serve him! I also declare that we shall serve no master from this day, but will lend our aid to any who shall master the way of the warlock! So it is proclaimed, and so will it be!" 
   Then, the dragon rose into the air and flew away after the others...

   At his castle, Solmyr sat deep in thought. Zaggath's words made him ponder his real reason for this war.
   Finally, he said to himself, "He was right.  I did want nothing more than to be able to study magic in peace. My people suffered such terror because I wanted to pore over dusty books in comfort.  But no more. It has taken a war to make me understand the true responsibilities of rulership. A ruler cannot just sit back and relax, he must take care for his people, for it is upon their shoulders that his kingdom is standing. From this day forward, I shall take more action to help my people and my kingdom.  It is only then that I can consider myself truly wise."
   Solmyr rose with determination and called for his Grand Chancellor. 
   When the man arrived, the mage declared, "My dear Arthis, I have been thinking about several civil projects to commence. What do you say about installing magical wards on the borders..."
