For three years after the defeat of Zaggath, peace reigned in the Kingdom of Magistar.  Solmyr was an active ruler, initiating and completing many projects that helped the well being of all the land's inhabitants. Occasionally, he even found time to study the arcane arts, which he loved so much. Yet somehow, Solmyr had an empty feeling, of being caught alone in his palace. Of course, he had friends and courtiers, but they could not fill the void he felt in his heart. It was clear to him; he wanted to find a bride.
   The pimple-faced, fawning courtesans did not hold any attraction to Solmyr.  He wanted a bride who had a talent for magecraft, so that they could share in love of each other and the Art all the better. Thus, Solmyr decided to travel throughout his kingdom to search for such a woman.
   As the wizard was travelling in the country's northern reaches, suddenly he felt strong magic around him, trying to bind his very soul and spirit into place. After a great struggle, Solmyr managed to resist the magic. What force was this, he thought. Looking around, he began to understand.
   The wind has died down. The trees stood unmoving, not a single leaf so much as waving by a fraction of an inch. Just inside the forest, a deer stood absolutely still, staring at the mage. And in the nearby field, a group of peasants were standing like statues, frozen into whatever task they were performing as the magic manifested. Somehow, the land was put into a magical stasis, and by the looks of it, the rest of the country was in no better condition.
   Astonished, Solmyr travelled further to the north, at last arriving to the town of Northwatch. Somehow, this town appeared to have escaped the effects of the stasis, still operating normally. Perhaps the reason was the proximity of northern wastes, which also apparently were not affected. As Solmyr approached the town, several archmages teleported before him. 
   One of them said, "My lord, we are glad to see you well. Like you, we barely managed to resist this great spell. We offer you our services to discover who or what is behind this disaster and try to reverse it."
   Gladly, Solmyr accepted the archmage's offer and they continued towards the town...


