Solmyr sighed. It has been four years since the death of Mandalis, and all was well in the Kingdom of Magistar (so named after he assumed rulership). The people were happy or at least content, and the City of Azuras was a great center of learning, both magical and mundane. Yet Solmyr was not comfortable himself. The duties of rule took up most of his time, leaving little opportunity to engage in magical research he loved so much. It was a rare day when he actually discovered a new spell. I cannot handle it, he thought.
   Even though he was hesitant to admit it, the way of things made him a little bitter.  One day, Solmyr managed to carve out a little time from his busy schedule to sit peacefully in his library. As he pored over ancient tomes with interest, the air in front of him began to shimmer. Suddenly, a wild-looking face of a man appeared there. Solmyr did not know him, but the man still seemed somehow familiar. The man looked at Solmyr and laughed madly. Confused, Solmyr studied him. The man was in his fifties, with wild, unkempt hair and beard.  No other part of him was visible except his face.
   Finally, the man stopped laughing (for a short time) and looked over Solmyr. 
   He snorted derisively and said, "Who have we here, a mageling thinking he's king, hohohoho, aren't we high-and-mighty today, muhuhuhuhu. What say if we looked at him in person?" 
   "Who might you be?" Solmyr said, totally bewildered.
   "Ooohohohoo, I might be Zaggath, (cackle), though some call me the Mad Warlock, (giggle), quite amusing, don't you think?" 
   "And what do you want of me?"
   "Bwahahahahaha... oh, you might remember my dear departed brother (snort), he went by the name of Mandalis, kkrrhhehehe." 
   It was as if lightning has struck Solmyr. So Mandalis had a brother?! And this brother must have a rather dim view of Solmyr considering the circumstances.
   As if reading his thoughts, Zaggath said, "Agh, ol' Mandy was just an old, decrepit piece of... well, you are too young to know the word. But I thought, whoever put him out of his misery must deserve our attention, gnnnihihihihi.  So, why don't you come over to our place and we'll have a nice little chat, maybe sign a few documents turning over the rulership of the land and such, krahahahaha..." 
   "If you want to talk, come over here", Solmyr said. "Ah, but why don't you look out of the window and enjoy the view", cackled Zaggath.
   Puzzled, Solmyr went over to the library window, peered out, and drew back astonished. A legion of dragons was circling in the sky. So thick were their numbers that they almost obscured the sunlight, casting deep, evil shadows upon the ground. People cowered in utter terror or ran away in fear, but there was nowhere to run. From behind Solmyr, Zaggath laughed. 
   "My castle is really so much more comfortable for this type of social events. Come over, mageling, or my children will raze your whole land and turn it into an ashen waste. In my generosity, I even allow you to take an escort of a few guards, not that it'll help you much. Well, see you soon, hehehehe..." And then, Zaggath was gone.
   Solmyr had no doubt that the Mad Warlock would do exactly as he threatened to do if his wishes were denied. Yet how could he let the villain to take over this land, for surely that would be as disastrous as if the dragons ravaged the country? With heavy thoughts but few ideas, Solmyr gathered a few capable apprentices and journeyed to the realm of lava, where Zaggath dwelt.
   After several days' travel, Solmyr reached the last outpost of his kingdom, a small town in the middle of a halfling community. As he passed the mountain gap leading to the town, a large horde of dragons landed from the sky, blocking the way back. 
   The leader of the dragons growled, "Go ahead, mageling. Our master is expecting you. You shall not pass this way again until you visit Zaggath in his castle." 
   Seeing that protests would be futile, Solmyr sighed and started towards the town...



